hey guys so I am getting ready to
Flatiron his head well back a blow dryer
inside on my hair and um I found my flat
irons and they are so disgusting this is
what they look like
like they're burnt I don't know someone
else has been using them and they've
been using like spritz and stuff on them
so I'm going to show you guys how I
clean my flat irons all you'll need is a
roll of toilet paper and some time and I
like this this is the one that I like so
what you'll need is just get a couple of
flat pieces of your toilet paper you're
going to dip it into the perm and make
sure your flat irons are before you plug
them in make sure they're cool cuz if
not it'll make the liquidy and then you
will have a mess on your hands so what
you want to do is just grab your flat
irons and apply the perm all over the
flat irons or get more
and then you're gonna just let them sit
for like ten minutes so I'll be back
okay so it's been like ten minutes and
you just want to wipe it off using a new
piece of paper towel toilet paper
okay now these the edges are very
stubborn the plates are pretty clean the
inside plates are like leaps and bounds
over but the edges are very stubborn
they might have to reapply and if yours
pivot like mine do you're going to have
to clean out the sides you see how it
pivots so perm got in there as well you
definitely want to clean these off
really well so I'm going to reapply I'm
probably going to put some like a rubber
band to hold it together and just apply
on the outer edges so I'll be right back
okay so the I put the rubber band here
and I just put the palm on the outside
edges for some reason these are being
very stubborn
but there's still a lot better than they
were when I first started out the
insides are so much better it's
ridiculous
and like I said just make sure you get
any excess time in the pivot you can
also um get like an old toothbrush and
that's probably what I'll do and or if
you have nails it's coming off with that
and just scrape the black stuff off the
edges the edges are going to be a little
bit more difficult because they're being
used a lot more than the inside so that
is how you clean your flat irons I'll
take some pictures once I get everything
cleaned up but that is the gist if you
have any questions or you want to see
how to take care of your flat irons just
send me a message inbox me thank you so
much for watching jewelry make a bit
more pleasure and life